Update landing pages (#3368)
canonical/ubuntu-pro-client: docs/tutorials.rst

Ubuntu Pro Client tutorial
**************************

This section contains step-by-step tutorials to show what the Ubuntu Pro Client
(``pro``) is capable of, while helping you to achieve specific aims.

We hope our tutorials make as few assumptions as possible and are accessible
to anyone with an interest in ``pro``. They should be a great place to start!

Getting started
===============

> These tutorials introduce you to the Pro Client, the main commands and how to
> use them to manage Pro on your system. We will also take a look at the security
> offerings and how Pro helps to secure your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These tutorials introduce you to the Pro Client, its main commands and how to
use them to manage Pro on your system. We will also take a look at Pro's security
offerings and how they help to secure your system.
```

* :ref:`Part 1: Introduction to the main Pro Client commands <tutorial-commands>`
* :ref:`Part 2: Explore your system's security with Pro <security-tutorial>`

Further tutorials
=================

Once you are comfortable with the basics and want to start exploring other
things you can do with the Ubuntu Pro Client, you can work through our further

> tutorials.

Reviewer: "our further tutorials" reads a bit odd.

Perhaps "[...] through our other/additional tutorials." or "[...] through further tutorials that we have provided."

Ubuntu Pro Client tutorial
**************************

This section contains step-by-step tutorials to show what the Ubuntu Pro Client
(``pro``) is capable of, while helping you to achieve specific aims.

We hope our tutorials make as few assumptions as possible and are accessible
to anyone with an interest in ``pro``. They should be a great place to start!

Getting started
===============

These tutorials introduce you to the Pro Client, the main commands and how to
use them to manage Pro on your system. We will also take a look at the security
offerings and how Pro helps to secure your system.

* :ref:`Part 1: Introduction to the main Pro Client commands <tutorial-commands>`

* :ref:`Part 2: Explore your system's security with Pro <security-tutorial>`

Further tutorials
=================

These stand-alone tutorials provide a bit more experience with common tasks.
Once you are comfortable with the basics and want to start exploring other
things you can do with ``pro``, these tutorials are ideal.

They are not sequential, so you can approach them in any order you like!

> * :ref:`Create an Ubuntu FIPS Docker image <tutorial-fips-docker-image>`

Reviewer 2: Will this move to how-tos in a future PR?

Author: Yes I left that to one of the commits I made today - I wanted to test to make sure that the redirects would work on this one (I think it does)
